

 ( adobe1 )


Imran Khan Is Just the Beginning of Pakistan’s Democratic Woes
 <p>The country’s democratic backsliding goes further than the embattled former prime minister—and further back.<p>

<li> Pakistan is living under the pall of authoritarianism as the rowdy circus of political survival pushes the urgent 
need for reform and accountability into the shadows. Rights activists say successive governments, regardless of
 political stripe,
 have consistently used the law to weaken civil society and undermine the democratic ideals they claim to stand for.<li>





  (adobe2)

Did Pakistan Just Overhaul Its Nuclear Doctrine?

<p> A comment from a senior figure about “zero-range” weapons could signal a dramatic—and dangerous—shift in 
Islamabad’s nuclear strategy.<p>

<li>   JUNE 19, 2023, 5:33 AM
As Pakistan celebrated the 25th anniversary of its first nuclear tests last month, it 
also appeared to share more details than usual about its current nuclear posture.<li>






   (adobe3)

The Taliban Are Throwing Pakistan a Googly
Extremism, more than all the other crises, challenges Pakistan’s very survival.

It’s getting difficult to determine which one among Pakistan’s myriad crises will finally engulf the country. Inflation 
is hitting historic highs, unemployment is pushing young men into the ranks of extremists, the military is torn between 
its loyalty to the state and the terrorists it helped create, and leading
 politicians are engaged in a battle for mutual destruction. The reality is that Pakistan is fighting for its survival.



   (adobe4)

Pakistan Aims for IMF Deal at Last
After months of negotiations, Islamabad looks close to securing additional economic aid—but the roots of its crisis run deep.


   (adobe5)

Politics Are Holding Pakistan’s Economy Hostage
Drama around former Prime Minister Imran Khan leaves Pakistan’s finances in the lurch.


MARCH 21, 2023, 1:02 PM
Mayhem and martyrdom have become the hallmarks of politics in Pakistan, where there appears to be no better practitioner than former
 Prime Minister Imran Khan. But the political fireworks that are tearing Pakistan apart are also distracting it from tackling its real challenge: a deeply dysfunctional and ailing economy.

